Let me ask you a question. If you can answer me truthfully,
I can let you go.
Well, you ask.
Cooperation project between Jiangshi Group and Xiaoshi Group,
Who is the person in charge of Jiangshi Group?
This, how do I know this?
I'm just a small employee, little Kalami,
Director Lin, will you let me go?
Then there is nothing we can do.
Director Lin, Director Lin, I beg you,
Please let me go, I don't want to go to jail.
Imprisoned? You pretended to be Mr. Xiao?
How many bad things have you done?
Today’s matter is considered child’s play, right? Yes.
But I promised to let you go
Be sure to keep your word
But I am a person who must retaliate with every word spoken.
What did you do to me back then?
I will also let you fight back
That's right, if you drink it
Today's matter
I'll just pretend it never happened
Manager Lin, is this water?
OK, OK, I'll drink. I'll drink in a low-key manner.
Brother, are you okay, Xiaodong?
Drink it all